one of the first r-tx laptops that are
received for review was this device here
the electronics mech 17 and at the time
and I got it I didn't know the pricing
but it turns out that this is actually
the cheapest RTX laptop that you can get
on Amazon and it's surprisingly good so
if you poke around on Amazon this device
has a full configurator tool
it starts at $12.99 for like a r-tx 20
60 and if you can artax 20 70 bumps out
up to $15.99 but you can choose like
your ram your drive but more importantly
or just more uniquely this device gives
you an option to upgrade your thermal
paste if you want and I've made videos
on this before where if you re paste
your laptop you get significantly better
thermal performance but that process the
whole thing of like opening it up and
repai stting a laptop is not for
everyone it's a little bit more of an
advanced thing so it's really nice to
see a store just do this thing and have
it available as like an option in the
Amazon configuration that's really cool
so I checked out their previous
generation so they're 10 series laptop
with the exact same chassis and that
thing has surprisingly good reviews it's
got a four and a half star review with
over 300 people reviewing it obviously
they're doing something right the laptop
uses a chassis from a company called
Tong Fang it's bare-bones chassis a lot
of other companies will use the same
kind of chassis to sell different
configurations of the device it's a
pretty well-built device like it uses a
plastic keyboard deck at the bottom is
plastic everything else on this is
plastic the only thing that's aluminum
is the top panel and it feels pretty
good the durability of the device is I
would say good there's just no real flex
on the chassis or the screen it's just a
solid kind of overall built laptop now
it's not super thin it's a relatively
thin 17-inch gaming device but because
it's not like ultra ultra thin they've
designed it in a way that just makes it
just more durable than a lot of super
thin devices out there right now it's
easy to get into it's just a bunch of
Phillips screws and you had access to
your two nvme drives your RAM and your
standard stuff the port selection is
pretty good for a 17-inch device you
have Ethernet SD card slot USB C and a
bunch of USPA the USB C port does not
support Thunderbolt 3 but I'm content
with the port selection on this device
ok getting on the inside the
you screen 17 inch screen 1080p 144
Hertz now this is a screen that I was
said was awesome two years ago but in
2019 I would consider it very good the
refresh rate is fast the colors are
actually very good and it gets pretty
bright but my issue with the screen is
actually the response time this is a
panel that has a 30 millisecond response
time according to the manufacturer and
when you play on a 144 her refresh
screen and it has a 30 millisecond
response time you do notice some
ghosting now this is only for fast paced
games but I can notice the difference
when I'm playing on this compared to
like a seven or nine milliseconds screen
or even like the three millisecond
screens that you see on some higher-end
gaming laptops but it's a very very good
screen
despite the slower response rate the
keyboard is also a okay so when I first
open this thing up I was like this
keyboard looks and feels weird but once
you get used to it it's not bad it's a
little cramped like the layout feels a
little bit weird because everything
seems so boxy but I think for most
people they'll get used to it relatively
quickly and when you do it's great for
gaming it is a mechanical keyboard it
just doesn't feel particularly clicky or
tactile it's a pretty good keyboard
overall though the trackpad is a plastic
surface I don't love that it feels a
little bit cheap but considering the
price this device I'm not surprised the
tracking is fine and it's a good size
it's just I would like to have seen a
glass surface on this it is a Windows
precision device though so I think most
people will be ok with the trackpad
top surface I don't know about the
long-term durability of this particular
device I've seen some soft touch
materials that are cheaper that wear
down quickly but it'll also seen some
stuff from lanova that lasts like
forever so my guess because again
because the price point my guess is that
this material will kind of show where
over time but I can't really tell not
right now this device is running a
laptop RTX 2070 and it's the regular
laptop 2070 not the max-q version so the
performance is actually quite similar to
a 2080 max-q you're going to get really
good frame rates at basically any title
at 1080p it's a very powerful GPU now
the thermal performance on this device
is also very solid for one it's a you
know it's not a super thin device and
that's why they're able to use a non
max-q GPU
but you also have this option of turning
on the turbo mode for the fan and it
becomes significantly louder when you do
but you just get awesome thermal
performance so this is I don't this fan
if the mic can pick it up but this is
what it sounds like yeah if it's just
kind of like idling but if you crank up
the turbo fan it's loud the fan knows
when it's playing games without turbo
mode is perfectly fine it's just that
when you kick it on it is quite audible
okay and I don't talk about I guess a
few things that I don't like about this
device the lighting on the keyboard
doesn't have great software to do it and
it doesn't get particularly bright it
does have a light strip on the front if
you're into that but overall the
lighting is kind of mediocre and the
software that controls all the fans and
the lighting is also not great I feel
like it's something that is often
overlooked like a lot of companies just
have software on their devices that just
controls it and you think it's like
really easy to do but clearly it's not
the easiest because these guys are
pretty bad at it but it does get the job
done
now the two other things that I really
don't like about this laptop which may
or may not affect you okay the first
thing is the speakers they are terrible
they're located on the bottom so
positionally they're just bad and they
also have an issue of just being really
quiet I don't know why I don't know if
it's because the hardware is poor or if
the software controlling it is bad but
they're very quiet to the point where if
you're just watching a youtube video
without headphones or anything like that
they don't get as loud as you need and
the other thing I don't love about this
device is the battery life it's a very
small battery 40 watt hours on a 17 inch
screen I wasn't even able to get three
hours of battery life with the screen at
250 nits and again I'm not sure if
there's a software I have a feeling it's
a bit of both like big screen small
battery that's just a recipe for poor
battery life
but overall for the price an RT X 27 T
laptop for 1600 bucks base is I think
it's pretty decent actually think it's
on the good side of things um one last
thing to note this device uses the same
chassis as the Walmart opie gaming
devices so like the 17-inch big version
of that now that's last year's model
they had them for have when they
originally launched they were very
expensive and everyone rip
I'm on their price and they drop their
price by like 40 or 50 percent and they
sold them out really quickly but if
Walmart decides to continue that Opie
gaming laptop line and they bring these
r-tx GPUs into those new devices with
the current pricing it seems unlikely
but if they do that will be an amazing
price but in the meantime these are the
cheapest r-tx laptops hanging out on
Amazon and they're surprisingly good for
the money
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you'd
love to see you guys next time